\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename pic1d.info
@settitle PIC1D Manual 1.0
@c %**end of header

@copying
This is the PIC1D manual, version 1.0.

Copyright @copyright{} 2006 Daniel Martin.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title PIC1D
@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Short Sample

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::      The first chapter is the
                         only chapter in this sample.
* Methods::
* GNU FDL::
* Index::              Complete index.
@end menu

@node Introduction, Methods, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction

@cindex chapter, first

PIC1D is a plasma simulator. Plasmas are the 4th state of matter, the state which is energetically above a gas. When a gas becomes so hot that its electrons free themselves from their ions, the resulting sea of free electrons and ions is called a plasma.

@node Methods, GNU FDL, Introduction, Top
@chapter Methods

In this chapter we will discus the methods used in plasma to achieve the over-all simulation. Plasma simulation can be sumarised by 3 computational components; time-`integration' of the equations of motion of the particles, integration of the electric and magnetic fields, and weighting.

@cindex index entry, another
Here is a numbered list.

@enumerate
@item
This is the first item.

@item
This is the second item.
@end enumerate

@node GNU FDL, Index, Methods, Top
@appendix GNU FDL
@menu
* GNU Free Documentation License::
@end menu

@include fdl.texi

@node Index, , GNU FDL, Top
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
